feat: add trunc in fillchars (#17006)
vim/vim: runtime/doc/options.txt

	  diff		'-'		deleted lines of the 'diff' option
	  eob		'~'		empty lines below the end of a buffer
	  lastline	'@'		'display' contains lastline/truncate

> 	  ellipsis	''		for truncate text by 'pummaxwidth'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	  ellipsis	''		for text truncated by 'pummaxwidth'
```

						*'fillchars'* *'fcs'*
'fillchars' 'fcs'	string	(default "vert:|,fold:-,eob:~,lastline:@")
			global or local to window |global-local|
	Characters to fill the statuslines, vertical separators, special

> 	lines in the window and truncated text in the |popup-menu|.

Reviewer: I don't think `|popup-menu|` is correct. `:h popup-menu` is completely unrelated to `'pummaxwidth'`.

Author: right update to `ins-completion-menu`

	  diff		'-'		deleted lines of the 'diff' option
	  eob		'~'		empty lines below the end of a buffer
	  lastline	'@'		'display' contains lastline/truncate

> 	  trunc		'>'		for text truncated in the |popup-menu|.

Reviewer: ditto

			global
	Determines the maximum width to use for the popup menu for completion.
	When zero, there is no maximum width limit, otherwise the popup menu

> 	will never be wider than this value.  Truncated text will be use the
> 	"trunc" of 'fillchars' option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	will never be wider than this value.  Truncated text will be indicated
	by "trunc" value of 'fillchars' option.
```

	Determines the maximum width to use for the popup menu for completion.
	When zero, there is no maximum width limit, otherwise the popup menu
	will never be wider than this value.  Truncated text will be indicated
	by an ellipsis at the end.  The ellipsis character(s) can be customized
	with the 'fillchars' option by setting the "ellipsis:" value.

> 	This option takes precedence over 'pumwidth'.

Reviewer: The fallback `...` value is not documented.

> 	value. This option takes precedence over 'pumwidth'.

Reviewer: Better move this to a separate line, otherwise it's not clear if "This option" refers to 'fillchars' or 'pummaxwidth'.
```suggestion
	value.
	Takes precedence over 'pumwidth'.
```

Author: okay
